.\" -*- nroff -*-
.TH S7 1 "January 27, 2013" "Version 5.0" "SEED7 INTERPRETER"
.SH NAME
s7 \- interpreter for the Seed7 programming language
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B s7
[
.RI options
]
sourcefile
[
.RI parameters
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B s7
invokes the
.I Seed7
interpreter.
.I Seed7
is an extensible general purpose programming language. It is
a higher level language compared to Ada, C/C++ and Java. Its major
features include: user defined statements and operators, abstract
data types, templates without special syntax, OO with interfaces and
multiple dispatch, statically typed, interpreted or compiled, and
portability. The documentation of
.I Seed7
and many examples can be found in
.I /usr/share/doc/seed7
.SH OPTIONS
.PD 0
.TP
.B \-?
Write Seed7 interpreter usage.
.TP
.B \-a
Analyze only and suppress the execution phase.
.TP
.B \-dx
Set compile time trace level to x. E.g.:
.B \-de
.TP
.B \-d
Equivalent to \-da
.TP
.B \-i
Show the identifier table after the analyzing phase.
.TP
.B \-l
Add a directory to the include library search path (e.g.:
.B \-l
.I ../lib
).
.TP
.B \-p
Specify a protocol file, for trace output (e.g.:
.B \-p
.I prot.txt
).
.TP
.B \-q
Compile quiet. Line and file information and compilation
statistics are suppressed.
.TP
.B \-s
Deactivate signal handlers.
.TP
.B \-tx
Set runtime trace level to x. E.g.:
.B \-te
.TP
.B \-t
Equivalent to \-ta
.TP
.B \-vn
Set verbosity level of analyse phase to n. Where n is between 0 and 3.
.TP
.B \-v
Equivalent to \-v2
.TP
.B \-x
Execute even when the program contains errors.
.PD 1
.SH TRACE LEVEL
.PD 0
The options
.B \-d
and
.B \-t
can set the trace level.
The following trace levels are defined:
.TP
.I  a
Trace primitive actions
.TP
.I  c
Do action check
.TP
.I  d
Trace dynamic calls
.TP
.I  e
Trace exceptions and handlers
.TP
.I  h
Trace heap size (in combination with 'a')
.TP
.I  s
Trace signals
.PD 1
.SH VERBOSITY LEVEL
.PD 0
The option
.B \-v
can set the verbosity level.
The following verbosity levels are defined:
.TP
.I  0
Compile quiet (equivalent to
.B \-q
)
.TP
.I  1
Write just the header with version information (default)
.TP
.I  2
Write a list of include libraries
.TP
.I  3
Write line numbers, while analyzing
.PD 1
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.TP
.I /usr/share/doc/seed7/manual.txt
Manual for the Seed7 programming language.
.TP
.I /usr/share/doc/seed7/manual.htm
HTML version of the Seed7 manual.
.TP
.I /usr/bin/s7
The Seed7 interpreter.
.TP
.I /usr/lib/seed7/lib
Directory of the include libraries.
.PD 1
.SH HOMEPAGE
.PD 0
.I http://seed7.sourceforge.net
.PD 1
.SH AUTHOR
.PD 0
.I Seed7
was written by Thomas Mertes <thomas.mertes@gmx.at>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Thomas Mertes <thomas.mertes@gmx.at>.
.PD 1
.SH SEE ALSO
.PD 0
s7c(1)
