.\" -*- nroff -*-
.TH S7C 1 "September 12, 2023" "Version 3.2" "SEED7 COMPILER"
.SH NAME
s7c \- compiler for the Seed7 programming language
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B s7c
[
.RI options
]
source
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B s7c
invokes the
.I Seed7
compiler.
.I Seed7
is an extensible general purpose programming language. It is
a higher level language compared to Ada, C/C++ and Java. Its major
features include: user defined statements and operators, abstract
data types, templates without special syntax, OO with interfaces and
multiple dispatch, statically typed, interpreted or compiled, and
portability. The documentation of
.I Seed7
and many examples can be found in
.I /usr/share/doc/seed7
.SH OPTIONS
.PD 0
.TP
.B \-?
Write Seed7 compiler usage.
.TP
.B \-On
Tell the C compiler to optimize with level n (n is between 1 and 3).
.TP
.B \-O
Equivalent to -O1
.TP
.B \-S
Specify the stack size of the executable (e.g.:
.B \-S
.I 16777216
).
.TP
.B \-b
Specify the directory of the Seed7 runtime libraries (e.g.:
.B \-b
.I ../bin
).
.TP
.B \-c
Specify configuration (C compiler, etc.) to be used (e.g.:
.B \-c
.I emcc
).
.TP
.B \-e
Generate code which sends a signal, if an uncaught exception occurs.
This option allows debuggers to handle uncaught Seed7 exceptions.
.TP
.B \-flto
Enable link time optimization.
.TP
.B \-g
Tell the C compiler to generate an executable with debug information.
This way the debugger will refer to Seed7 source files and line numbers.
To generate debug information which refers to the temporary C program
the option
.B \-g\-debug_c
can be used.
.TP
.B \-l
Add a directory to the include library search path (e.g.:
.B \-l
.I ../lib
).
.TP
.B \-ocn
Optimize generated C code with level n (n is between 0 and 3). E.g.:
.B \-oc3
.TP
.B \-p
Activate simple function profiling.
.TP
.B \-sx
Suppress checks specified with x. E.g.:
.B \-sr
or
.B \-sro
.TP
.B \-tx
Set runtime trace level to x. E.g.:
.B \-te
.TP
.B \-wn
Specify warning level n. E.g.:
.B \-w2
.PD 1
.SH OPTIMIZATION LEVEL FOR GENERATED C CODE
.PD 0
The option
.B \-ocn
can optimize generated C code with level n.
The following optimization levels for generated C code are supported:
.TP
.I  0
Do no optimizations with constants.
.TP
.I  1
Use literals and named constants to simplify expressions (default).
.TP
.I  2
Evaluate constant parameter expressions to simplify expressions.
.TP
.I  3
Like
.B \-oc2
and additionally evaluate all constant expressions.
.PD 1
.SH SUPPRESSED CHECKS
.PD 0
The option
.B \-sx
can suppress checks.
The checks x are specified with letters from the following list:
.TP
.I  d
Suppress the generation of checks for integer division by zero.
.TP
.I  i
Suppress the generation of index checks (e.g. string, array).
.TP
.I  o
Suppress the generation of integer overflow checks.
.TP
.I  r
Suppress the generation of range checks.
.PD 1
.SH TRACE LEVEL
.PD 0
The option
.B \-tx
can set the trace level.
The trace levels x are specified with letters from the following list:
.TP
.I  d
Trace dynamic calls
.TP
.I  e
Trace exceptions and handlers
.TP
.I  f
Trace functions
.TP
.I  s
Trace signals
.PD 1
.SH WARNING LEVEL
.PD 0
The option
.B \-wn
can set the warning level to n.
The following warning levels are supported:
.TP
.I  0
Omit warnings.
.TP
.I  1
Write normal warnings (default).
.TP
.I  2
Write warnings for raised exceptions.
.PD 1
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.TP
.I /usr/share/doc/seed7/manual.txt
Manual for the Seed7 programming language.
.TP
.I /usr/share/doc/seed7/manual.htm
HTML version of the Seed7 manual.
.TP
.I /usr/bin/s7c
The Seed7 compiler.
.TP
.I /usr/lib/seed7/lib
Directory of the include libraries.
.TP
.I /usr/lib/seed7/bin
Directory of the object libraries.
.PD 1
.SH HOMEPAGE
.PD 0
.I http://seed7.sourceforge.net
.PD 1
.SH AUTHOR
.PD 0
.I Seed7
was written by Thomas Mertes <thomas.mertes@gmx.at>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Thomas Mertes <thomas.mertes@gmx.at>.
.PD 1
.SH SEE ALSO
.PD 0
s7(1)
